Add missing custom HTML UI feature changes (#72)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native: README.md

Check [`events.ts`](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native/blob/development/src/components/PlayerView/events.ts) for more information about them.

> ### Customize HTML UI (Android and iOS only)

Author: @stonko1994 please review the README changes here if my descriptions for custom HTML Player UI make sense.

The Bitmovin Player SDKs use the open source [Bitmovin Player Web UI](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui) on all platforms, except tvOS.

> This is cusomizable in multiple ways.

Reviewer: NIT:
For me the sentence does not make it 100% clear what "this" is referring to.
```suggestion
The UI is cusomizable in multiple ways.
```

Author: fixed in 84595e0

#### Custom implementation

Since the Bitmovin Player Web UI is open source, it can be forked and modified to tailor to any application's needs.
See [Cusomizing the UI](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui#customizing-the-ui) section for details.

> In case a custom implementation of the Player UI is desired, configure the hosted JS and CSS files via the `StyleConfig`, like:

Reviewer: Nit wording
```suggestion
In case a custom implementation of the Player UI is desired, configure the hosted JS and CSS files via the `StyleConfig` as shown in the following example:
```

```ts
const player = usePlayer({
  styleConfig: {

>     playerUiCss: 'CUSTOM_UI_CSS_URL',

Reviewer 2: Nit:
As you add 3 sections (Custom implementation, CSS, Supplemental CSS) we could omit the `playerUiCss` here.

Author: My thinking was that if you fork and build your own UI most likely you would have your own CSS as well.
